= BetaInvites

This adds a beta_invites mvc that comliments devise_invitable. It can be production ready if you make sure to review the generated files and do a manual test run.

Installation:

add to your gemfile:
````
gem 'devise', '~>3.2.0'
gem 'devise_invitable'
gem 'beta_invites', github: 'danman01/beta_invites'
```

Before you launch:
- Add gems devise and devise_invitable to your gemfile
- Create a User class (or some other class to work with)
- Run the Devise installer. [Instructions](https://github.com/plataformatec/devise)
- Run the devise invitable installer. [Instructions](https://github.com/scambra/devise_invitable)
- Run rake beta_invites:install:migrations && rake db:migrate
- Mount application in routes file: `mount BetaInvites::Engine, at: "/beta_invites"`
- You may want to run the mailer generator: rails g beta_invites:mailer 
  - This will create `app/mailers/user_mailer.rb`, `app/views/user_mailer/notify_invitee.html.erb`  and `notify_admins.html.erb`, which you should definitely look at.
- If you chose a different class name than User, declare class in an initializer (defaults to User). Not sure if this initializer works yet...
- Make sure to set up your email credentials. Mandrill is a good free service to use, or you can use google apps or microsoft.

Rails email setup [from Mandrill](http://help.mandrill.com/entries/21738467-Using-Mandrill-s-SMTP-integration-with-Web-Frameworks)
```
YourApp::Application.configure do
  config.action_mailer.smtp_settings = {
    :address   => "smtp.mandrillapp.com",
    :port      => 25, # ports 587 and 2525 are also supported with STARTTLS
    :enable_starttls_auto => true, # detects and uses STARTTLS
    :user_name => "MANDRILL_USERNAME",
    :password  => "MANDRILL_PASSWORD", # SMTP password is any valid API key
    :authentication => 'login', # Mandrill supports 'plain' or 'login'
    :domain => 'yourdomain.com', # your domain to identify your server when connecting
  }

  # …
end

# app/mailers/your_mailer.rb

class YourMailer < ActionMailer::Base
  def email_name
    mail :subject => "Mandrill rides the Rails!",
         :to      => "recipient@example.com",
         :from    => "you@yourdomain.com"
  end
end

# In a controller: YourMailer.email_name.deliver
```

TODO

- Write tests
- Ability to config user class with an initializer
